ObjectDex Discord Bot - Privacy policy 
The following document explains what data is collected by ObjectDex. 
Glossary
- "Application" or "Discord application" refers to the Discord bot user, its associated owners and
the servers is has
- "Data" refers to data stored by an individual instance, including personal data
- "Bot" or "instance" refers to the copy of the code running the Discord application, with its own
data
- "Collectible" refers to any object that is meant to be collected, such as countryballs or other
future means like virtual currency
- "Application owners" refers to the owners of the Discord application, meaning the one with any
form of access to the application's authentication method and data belonging to the instance.
This is usually referred to as the "ObjectDex core team" or "ObjectDex team". 
- "ObjectDex moderation team" or "moderation team" refers to the owners of the Discord 
application and the users they may choose to be part of the moderation team. You may find a list
of these users on the Discord server: https://discord.gg/RjzXFsS8kj. 
What data is collected
ObjectDex collects the following data from Discord: 
- User IDs, this is used to identify you inside our database
- Server (or guild) IDs, this is used to store settings necessary to the bot's operation
- Channel IDs, this is used to know in which channel should the collectibles spawn
In addition, the following data proper to ObjectDex is created and used: 
- The list of collectibles owned by a user of the service
- A history of trades done on collectibles, including the users that once owned the said
collectible but do not anymore
- Various settings configured by an individual user or the server, such as player policies or
spawn silent option
The bot has access to the content of messages but is used solely for the purpose of anti-cheat
and the said content is not stored longer than necessary for the analysis (under one second).
Message content is never cached or stored, and cannot be accessed by the administrators to
read your messages.
How the data is stored
All persistent data is stored on a PostgreSQL server, running on a server hosted by BloxyBlitz.
Access to the data
The only people allowed to access the data are the application owners.
Any application owner may interact with the bot and the administrator interface.
The ObjectDex moderation teams do not have access to the data. 
The data may never be made available to the public, and its access must be secured
accordingly.
You may delete your data at any time with the ‘/player delete’ command
You may read more about Google's usage of the data. OBJECTDEX DID NOT OPT INTO 
LOGGING.
https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/data-usage-faq
